hello to all I am I alone 100 and today I will teach you how to download the
game out on the pc
good for those who do not know what is this volvo I leave here a small
review
taboo and the dark game of nintendo
effectively
it's weird that nintendo
great friend of censorship 20 years ago
gave good to one of the few dark games in the last century
super taboo
of six senses
maybe the most classic gamers remember him or not
since it's actually a tarot simulator for the mythical console of the great
n
the family com
you put
naked eye
Surprise the dark atmosphere of the game
and its menu is the most normal thing in the world but the use of tarotist jargon and its
too strong statements when predicting something left more than one
Surprised
I can imagine the controversy that this game could have had in those years
according to your manual
Tamudo is the version for nes of the cult and ancient prediction system
of the future of the tarot all the mystery of the tarot has been incorporated to the most
deep of this cartridge his enigmas flow in crypt two by his circuits
representing a meeting of an ancient miracle with the modern miracle of the
technology and science serving you in the same way that a priest does
I would do with an emperor
Now if you want to know more about this game you will have to see some of the
urban legends that are scattered throughout this October
let's stop legends and go to whatever came
go to the following link that is in the description of the video
they wait for the seconds and when they finish they give it in normal discharge
but if you have a premium account then you go ctes
as in this case I am poor and of a large family I will have to wait
while we wait for a joke
I was pepito in his house and his mom says
hey tepito that the store to buy a kilo of egg
Then Pepito leaves and after a while he returns saying
mama mom ran over kinko
they had flown one leg by agca and another by there one arm here and another
until there
and his mother asks him
hey tepito and the eggs
hung on a wire
jajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd from ddb
but what a bad joke
good they give him in normal discharge and they keep it in the desk
then they will get a rar file like this
they select them and they give him to bring here
and a folder like this will appear
they open it and they go to the icon that says virtual
which looks like a box of I do not know what with cables
the selection will not even appear a black window
they go to where it says file
then where it says open rum and search and select the file that says
they give in to open and ready you already have the game
they will notice that there are more files
Well, these are more games for the emulator
once inside the command controls are
the vote nothing
is the letter of the keyboard v
and the letter b
is the same letter wash
in the movements the directional arrows are used
I will explain how it works
here it is produced only with names and surnames using the arrows of
direction to move the red box that selects the letters
press is the vote nothing that in this case in the v to be able to select the
when they finish they give him elements
which is on the bottom right of the screen after they put their date
of birth that is only two digits
the date of birth is put in the following way
month
then he will select the letters m and f for men
yf for female
just select your gender
if you were to select a letter that was not just select it
which is in the bottom left of the screen
here you ask your question in English
since Americans only think about them and not those who speak Spanish
at the end of writing they give him where he says that they already know where he is
and will start to vary the cards revealing one by one what awaits you
Of course the answers will be in English so grab your donkeys grave
Latin dictionary English-Spanish and number that says
Well, that was everything
I hope you enjoyed it and enjoy the other games that this has
emulator
and comment
until next time